Your smile is contagious.
I bet you make babies smile.
You have the best laugh.
You light up the room.
You have a great sense of humor.
If cartoon bluebirds were real, a couple of 'em would be sitting on your shoulders singing right now.
You're like sunshine on a rainy day.
You bring out the best in other people.
I bet you sweat glitter.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy.
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
You always know how to find that silver lining.
You're a candle in the darkness.
Being around you is like a happy little vacation.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You're someone's reason to smile.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have impeccable manners.
I like your style.
You're strong.
Is that your picture next to "charming" in the dictionary?
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
You are brave.
You are beautiful on the inside and outside.
You have the courage of your convictions.
You're a great listener.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
That thing you don't like about yourself is what makes you really interesting.
You're inspiring.
You're so thoughtful.
When you make up your mind, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
You're a smart cookie.
Your perspective is refreshing.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right times is impressive.
When you say, "I meant to do that," I totally believe you.
You have the best ideas.
You're always learning new things and trying to better yourself. That's awesome.
If someone based an Internet meme on you, it would have impeccable grammar.
You could survive a zombie apocalypse.
When you make a mistake, you fix it.
You're great at figuring stuff out.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
I bet you do crossword puzzles in ink.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes; only people like you get back up again and keep going.
I am so proud of you, and I hope you are too!
You are making a difference.
You deserve a hug right now.
You're a great example to others.
Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story.
You are glowing —and that's the least interesting thing about you, too.
You look great today.
Your eyes are breathtaking.
How is it that you always look so great, even if you're in ratty pajamas?
That color is perfect on you.
You smell really good.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're mesmerizing.
You have cute elbows. For real.
Your bellybutton is kind of adorable.
Your hair looks stunning.
Your voice is magnificent.
Your name suits you to a T.
You're irresistible when you blush.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
I appreciate you.
You are perfect just the way you are.
You are enough.
You're all that and a super-size bag of chips.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're an 11.
You've got all the right moves.
Everything would be better if more people were like you.
You are an incredible human.
You're wonderful.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
You're one of a kind.
If you were a box of crayons, you'd be the big industrial name-brand one with a built-in sharpener.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
Somehow you make time stop and fly all at the same time.
In high school, I bet you were voted "most likely to continue being awesome."
If you were a scented candle they'd have to call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
There's ordinary, and then there's you.
You're even better than a unicorn because you're real.
You're really something special.