Let the group pose you for a photo and you have to post it as your profile photo for the next 24 hours.
Take off your shoes and socks with nothing but your teeth.
Try to swallow a spoonful of cinnamon with no liquid.
Take a shot of hot sauce.
Let the group blindfold you and feed you something out of the refrigerator.
Let the group duct tape a part of your body of their choice and rip it off.
Smear peanut butter on your face and let the dog lick it off.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Let the group style your hair as they please and you have to wear it that way until you go to sleep.
Eat a spoonful of butter
Spend the rest of the game talking without letting your lips touch each other.
Let the group draw something on your face in permanent marker.
Let the group take over your main social media account for ten minutes.
Let the group text what they want to the last person you texted to.
Let the group have access to your phone for ten minutes.
Put your forehead on the end of a bat and spin around it ten times as fast as you can and then walk in a straight line.
Crush an egg against your forehead.
Read your last text conversation out loud to the group.
Wear your underwear over your pants for the rest of the day.
Let the group decide a Snapchat for you to perform and post.
Let the group paint your nails.
Text the person you have a crush on and tell them.
Let the group decide on something you have to text your parents.
Empty your wallet or purse in front of the group.
Do 50 pushups and 50 situps.
Soak a t-shirt in water, put it in the freezer for 15 minutes and then put it on.
Eat a spoonful of mayonnaise.
Let the group do your face with makeup
Condition your hair with an egg and leave it in for the rest of the game.
Let the group give you a permanent marker mustache.
Let the group blindfold you and give you three objects to kiss.
Shave your eyebrows.
Let someone in the group cut off a piece of your hair.
Let the group film you doing a makeup tutorial and post it to your social media.
Let the group make you a smoothie out of anything they want that you must drink.
Try to swallow a spoonful of flour with no liquid.
Eat 6 saltine crackers in one minute without liquid.
Let the group draw a tattoo on you in permanent marker.
Shave the hair off of one arm.
Put all your clothes on backward for the rest of the day.
Announce to the group your last 10 searches.
Eat a spoonful of wasabi.
Use lipstick to color your front two teeth and leave it like that for the rest of the day.
Make a diaper out of a t-shirt and wear it outside your pants for the rest of the day.
Make a tinfoil hat and wear it for the rest of the day.
Make a wet toilet paper mask, have the group take a photo and post it to social media.
Let the group pour ice down the back of your shirt.
Let each person in the group spank you as hard as they can.
Let the group put a collar and leash on your and walk you down the street.
Let the group give you a wedgie.
Put your hair in the toilet and flush while the group watches.
Make a video of you singing your favorite song and post it to social media.
Pour a glass of water over your head.
Let each member of the group give you a wet willy.
Take a deep breath of the socks of every person in the group.
Do a handstand and drink a glass of water.
Chew gum with the gum wrapper still on it.
Lick your own armpit.
Let the group squeeze toothpaste into your mouth.
Wash your mouth out with soap and water.
Let the group make you a shot out of anything in the refrigerator that you must take.
Sing your favorite song with your mouth full of water.
Pick your nose and eat it.
Take ear wax out of your ear and taste it.
Take a shot of lemon or lime juice.
Eat part of a crayon.
Make the ugliest face you can, then post it to social media.
See how many marshmallows you can shove into your mouth.
Eat a banana without peeling it.
Eat an orange without peeling it.
Make a sandwich blindfolded, then take a bite.
Call your mom to say that you've gotten engaged or divorced.
Peel a potato, orange or banana with your teeth.
Chew on a piece of aluminum foil for 1 minute.
Eat an entire clove of garlic.
Eat a raw onion.
Gargle with mayonnaise.
Cut the toenails of a member of the group's choosing.
Let the group cover your face in whip cream.
Send a text message to your boss only using your tongue.
Pull out a minimum of 5 nose hairs.
Drink something frozen until you get brain freeze.
Keep calling random phone numbers until you can keep someone on the phone for 5+ minutes.
Do a cartwheel and a backbend.
Do a shot of soy sauce.
Let a group member pluck 10 of your eyebrows.
Walk barefoot for 10 feet over Legos.
Blow your nose into your hands.
Call your parents and tell them you accidentally broke something they greatly value.
Pop the zit of someone in the group.
Let everyone in the group burp in your face.
Listen to a song of the group's choosing 10 times in a row.
Talk the rest of the game without opening your mouth.
Give everyone in the group a 5-minute foot massage.
Put a piece of green food in your teeth and keep it there for the rest of the day.
Put a dab of toothpaste on your shirt and leave it there for the rest of the day.
Wear your shirt inside out for the rest of the day.
Put a piece of food up your nose and then eat it.
Do 10 yoga poses of the group's choosing.
Drink water out your shoe.