Why was the math teacher late to work? She took the rhombus.
I'm really excited for the next autopsy club. It's open Mike night!
Where do spiders seek health advice? WebMD.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
My daughter thinks I don't give her enough privacy. At least that's what she wrote in her diary.
A friend of mine got into photographing salmon in different clothing. He said he liked shooting fish in apparel.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
I'd like to go to Holland someday. Wooden shoe?
The guy that invented the umbrella was gonna call it the brella. But he hesitated.
Fun fact: Australia's biggest export is boomerangs. It's also their biggest import.
What kind of car runs on leaves? An autumn-mobile!
I tried to organize a professional Hide-and-Seek tournament, but it was a complete failure. Good players are hard to find.
Before the invention of the wheel… everything was a drag!
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
What do you call a hippie's wife? A Mississippi!
What did the duck say when she bought a lipstick? Put it on my bill!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid!
What did the little mountain say to the bigger mountain? Hi Cliff!
Why are there gates around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in!
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef!
What do bees do if they need a ride? Wait at the buzz stop!
What do you call a monkey that loves Doritos? A chipmunk!
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing!
Do you remember that joke I told you about my spine? It was about a weak back!
I just went to an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurtie!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they're bagels!
What do you call a farm that makes bad jokes? Corny!
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
What kind of streets do ghosts haunt? Dead ends!
What do you tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast!
What kind of dogs love car racing? Lap dogs!
What did Winnie the Pooh say to his agent? Show me the honey!
What do you call birds who stick together? Vel-crows.
Today I gave my dead batteries away. They were free of charge.
What do you call it when one cow spies on another? A steak out!
What happens when a frog's car breaks down? It gets toad!
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but its flag is a big plus!
My favorite word is drool. It just rolls off the tongue.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? Graaaaaaaains!
My new thesaurus is terrible. Not only that, it's also terrible.
What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!
Why do cow-milking stools only have three legs? 'Cause the cow's got the udder!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield? Its butt.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion!
It's inappropriate to make a dad joke if you are not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? Robin, get in the car.
I have an addiction to cheddar cheese. But it's only mild.
Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? Because it's pointless!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!
I was sitting in traffic the other day.  Probably why I got run over.
What's red and shaped like a bucket? A blue bucket painted red.
What don't ants get sick? They have anty-bodies.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fsh.
Why do you smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
When is your door not actually a door? When it's ajar.
What's green, fuzzy, and would hurt if it fell on you out of a tree? A pool table.
A communist joke isn't funny unless everyone gets it.
What did one dish say to the other? Dinner is on me!
What does a house wear? Address!
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
What do you call someone who immigrated to Sweden? Artificial Swedener.
Have you heard the one about the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines.
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle? A polar bear!
I'm thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it's only holding me back.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
I'm terrified of elevators so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Have you heard of the band 923 Megabytes? Probably not, they haven't had a gig yet.
Where do mansplainers get their water? From a well, actually.
Why are social media influencers afraid when they go to the woods alone at night? They're constantly being followed.
I will never understand why manslaughter is illegal. Men should be able to laugh at whatever they want.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? Breathe, damn it! Breathe!
I put my root beer into a square glass. Now it's just beer.
They told me a mask was enough to get into the supermarket. They lied, everybody else was also wearing pants.
Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion in less than five moves. Finally my high school karate lessons came to some use.
I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
I went on a once-in-a-lifetime vacation. Never again.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the National Zoo.
What's green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That's just how I roll.
I like to spend every day as if it's my last. Staying in bed and calling for a nurse to bring me more pudding.
I got fired from my job at the bank today. An old lady came in and asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I wasn't going to visit my family this December, but my mom promised to make me Eggs Benedict. So I'm going home for the hollandaise.
My dad's answer to everything is alcohol. He doesn't drink, it's just that he's really bad at crossword puzzles.
Where did the computer go dancing? The disc-o!
What do you call a dangerous sun shower? A rain of terror!
I used to hate facial hair but then it grew on me.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants? One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey but then I turned myself around.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
What's the most terrifying word in nuclear physics? Oops!
I watched hockey before it was cool. They were basically swimming.
There's no hole in your shoe? Then how'd you get your foot in it?
A cowherd counted 48 cows on his property. But when he rounded them up, he had 50.
When the two rabbit ears got married, it was a nice ceremony. But the reception was amazing.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was too tired.
A chicken coup only has two doors. If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
Three fish are in a tank. One asks the others, How do you drive this thing?
Why don't crabs donate? Because they're shellfish.
What did Blackbeard the pirate say when he turned eighty? Aye, matey.
How does your feline shop? By reading a catalogue.
It's hard to teach kleptomaniacs humor. They take things so literally.
Sunny-side up, scrambled, or an omelet? It doesn't matter. They're all eggcellent.
Don't worry if you miss a gym session. Everything will work out.
Ever tried to eat a clock? It's time-consuming.
Who can jump higher than a house? Pretty much anyone.
What do an apple and an orange have in common? Neither one can drive.
Why did the businessman invest in Smith & Wollensky? He wanted to stake his claim.
Five guys walk into a bar. You think one of them would've seen it.
This sweet ride has four wheels and flies. It's a garbage truck.
How many bugs do you need to rent out an apartment? Ten-ants.
I want to go camping every year. That trip was so in tents.
Wait, you don't want to hear a joke about potassium? K.
How do you organize a space-themed hurrah? You planet.
Your ex. That's the punchline.
How do you feel when there's no coffee?  Depresso.
I broke my arm in two places. You know what the doctor told me? Stay out of those places!
What do you give a sick bird? Tweetment.
Where did the king keep his armies? Up his sleevies.
What are the biggest enemies of caterpillars? Dogerpillers.
What do you call an empty can of Cheese Whiz? Cheese Was.
What did Mario say when he broke up with Princess Peach? It's not you, it's a-me!
What's the award for being best dentist? A little plaque.
What did the finger say to the thumb? I'm in glove with you.
What do you call a magician dog? A labracadabrador.
What concert costs only 45 cents? 50 Cent and Nickelback.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
Who invented the round table? Sir Cumference.
What do you call the security guards outside of Samsung? The guardians of the Galaxy.
There are three types of people in the world. Those of us who are good at math and those of us who aren't.
What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!
Why do ghosts love elevators? Because it lifts their spirits.
What's the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
Why was the snowman looking through a bag of carrots? He was picking his nose.
What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.
How can you make seven an even number? Just take away the s!
What did the lawyer wear to court? A lawsuit!
What do you call HIJKLMNO? H20!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Just follow the fresh prints!
What did the clock do when it was hungry? It went back four seconds.
What do you call a dog with no legs? You can call him whatever you want, he's still not coming.
I still remember the last thing my grandfather said before kicking the bucket: Hey, you want to see how far I can kick this bucket?
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener.
Why did the man get fired from his job at the calendar factory? He took a couple days off!
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he always gets a hole in one!
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he eventually woke up!
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? Well, now, all of them.
Why did the teacher love the whiteboard? She just thought it was remarkable!
A guy told me, Nothing rhymes with orange. So I replied, No it doesn't.
If you're American when you go in the bathroom and American when you come out, what are you in the bathroom? European!
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
What did the drummer call his two twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two.
I'm not a big fan of stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call a boomerang that never comes back? A stick.
What to hear a joke about paper? Never mind, it's tearable.
Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side.
What kind of concert only costs 45 cents? A 50 Cent concert featuring Nickelback.
What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
I want to be cremated as it is my last hope for a smoking hot body.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing.
I had a crazy dream last night! I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta sea.
A crazy wife says to her husband that moose are falling from the sky. The husband says, it’s reindeer.
Ladies, if he can’t appreciate your fruit jokes, you need to let that mango.
Geology rocks but Geography is where it’s at!
What was Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forrest1
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? I heard the food was good but it had no atmosphere.
Can February March? No, but April May.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
My grandpa has the heart of the lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
Why was Dumbo sad? He felt irrelephant.
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
I lost my mood ring and I don’t know how to feel about it!
Yesterday, I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I’m okay, but I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside.
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world!
My friend drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how his Mercedes bends.
Becoming a vegetarian is one big missed steak.
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Some aquatic mammals at the zoo escaped. It was otter chaos!
Never trust an atom, they make up everything!
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon.
What do you use to cut a Roman Emperor’s hair? Ceasers.
The Middle Ages were called the Dark Ages because there were too many knights.
My sister bet that I couldn’t build a car out of spaghetti. You should’ve seen her face when I drove pasta.
I made a pun about the wind but it blows.
Never discuss infinity with a mathematician, they can go on about it forever.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition.
My wife tried to apply at the post office but they wouldn’t letter. They said only mails work here.
My friend’s bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
Getting the ability to fly would be so uplifting.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, “What’s your favorite kind of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off!
England doesn’t have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi.
A cross-eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils.
She had a photographic memory, but never developed it.
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
There was a kidnapping at school yesterday. Don’t worry, though – he woke up!
What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature? Tequila mockingbird.
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves.
I hate how funerals are always at 9 a.m. I’m not really a mourning person.
What’s the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a nicely dressed man on a tricycle? A tire.
The guy who invented the door knocker got a no-bell prize.
German sausage jokes are just the wurst.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What do you call the ghost of a chicken? A poultry-geist.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn’t make any cents.
Sure, I drink brake fluid. But I can stop anytime!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs stuffed in your mailbox? Bill.
Somebody stole all my lamps. I couldn’t be more de-lighted!
I bought a boat because it was for sail.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
How did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve!
Coffee has a rough time in our house. It gets mugged every single morning!
Why was the cookie sad? Because his mom was a wafer long!
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter!
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wasabee!
Why was the baby ant confused? Because all his uncles were ants!
I just found out that I’m color blind. The news came completely out of the green!
Why didn’t the cat go to the vet? He was feline fine!
Who is the penguin’s favorite Aunt? Aunt-Arctica!
What should a lawyer always wear to a court? A good lawsuit!
The quickest way to make antifreeze? Just steal her blanket!
How do you make a good egg-roll? You push it down a hill!
Apple is designing a new automatic car. But they’re having trouble installing Windows!
I’ve started sleeping in our fireplace. Now I sleep like a log!
That baseball player was such a bad sport. He stole third base and then just went home!
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink!
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense!
You really shouldn’t be intimidated by advanced math… it’s easy as pi!
What did the hamburger name it’s baby? Patty!
One lung said to another, “we be-lung together!”
I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said Wii.
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.
My parents said I can’t drink coffee anymore. Or else they’ll ground me!
What did syrup to the waffle? I love you a waffle lot!
My wife refuses to go to a nude beach with me. I think she’s just being clothes-minded!
Did you hear about that cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie!
I’m no cheetah, you’re lion!
What did the ranch say when somebody opened the refrigerator? “Hey, close the door! I’m dressing!”
I wanted to take pictures of the fog this morning but I mist my chance. I guess I could dew it tomorrow!
My dad unfortunately passed away when we couldn’t remember his blood type. His last words to us were, “Be positive!”
What do you call a girl with one leg that’s shorter than the other? Ilene.
Towels can’t tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
What did the buffalo say to his son? Bison.
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives.
A cabbage and celery walk into a bar and the cabbage gets served first because he was a head.
What’s America’s favorite soda? Mini soda.
What does a clock do when it’s hungry? It goes back for seconds.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.