Yo momma so fat were in her right now
Yo momma so fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo momma so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
Yo momma so fat she has been declared a natural habitat for Condors
Yo mamma so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her...
Yo momma so fat she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for then new world
Yo momma so fat she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
Yo momma so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop
Yo momma so fat she goes to a resturant, looks at the menu and says "okay"
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi"
Yo momma so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Yo momma so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Yo momma so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Yo momma so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution Wide Turn"
Yo momma so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE
Yo momma so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please"
Yo momma so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock.
Yo momma so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in
Yo momma so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A.,  Chicago...
Yo momma so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo momma so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction
Yo momma so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky
Yo momma so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the bitches good side
Yo momma so fat she wakes up in sections
Yo momma so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER
Yo momma so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose.
Yo momma so fat she was mistaken for God's bowling ball
Yo momma so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar
Yo momma so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun
Yo momma so fat when she bunje jumps she goes straight to hell
Yo momma so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck
Yo momma so fat she's got more Chins than a Hong Kong phone book
Yo momma so fat that her senior pictures had to be arial views
Yo momma so fat she's on both sides of the family
Yo momma so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil
Yo momma so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon
Yo momma so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in
Yo momma so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo momma so fat she was baptized at Marine World.
Yo momma so fat she's on both sides of the family
Yo momma so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo momma so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her
Yo momma so fat she stands in two time zones.
Yo momma so fat I tried to drive around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo momma so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
Yo momma so fat shes on both sides of the family.
Yo momma so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass
Yo momma so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
Yo momma so fat when the bitch goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo momma so fat that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo momma so fat sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo momma so fat she cant reach her back pocket.
Yo momma so fat when she wears one of those X jackets, helicopters try to land on her back
Yo momma so fat her college graduation picture was an airial.
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg, and gravy poured out
Yo momma so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights
Yo momma so fat she got hit by a parked car 
Yo momma so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out
Yo momma so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi"
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave she landed on 12th
Yo momma so fat when she bungee jumps she pulls down the bridge too
Yo momma so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo momma so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo momma so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo momma so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs
Yo momma so fat she's got her own area code
Yo momma so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon
Yo momma so fat God couldn't light Earth till she moved
Yo momma so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her
Yo momma so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips
Yo momma so fat even her clothes have stretch marks
Yo momma so fat she has a wooden leg with a kickstand
Yo momma so fat she has to use a VCR as a beeper
Yo momma so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping
Yo momma so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Yo momma so fat when she back up she beep.
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo momma so fat she has to buy two airline tickets.
Yo momma so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo momma so fat she influences the tides.
Yo momma so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy fell out.
Yo momma so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out
Yo momma so fat she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
Yo momma so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
Yo momma so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard.
Yo momma so fat she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
Yo momma so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo momma so fat she uses a mattress for a tampon.
Yo momma so fat that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean.....
Yo momma so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the  bike across the moon, the bitch caused an eclipse.
Yo momma so fat she hoola-hooped the super bowl.
Yo momma so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
Yo momma so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo momma so stupid you have to dig for her IQ
Yo momma so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved
Yo momma so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes
Yo momma so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order
Yo momma so supid she could trip over a cordless phone
Yo momma so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money
Yo momma so stupid she bought a solar-powered flashlight
Yo momma so stupid she thinks a quarterbacks a refund
Yo momma so stupid she took a cup to see Juice.
Yo momma so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
Yo momma so stupid she asked you "What is the number for 911"?
Yo momma so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo momma so stupid when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "O.K."
Yo momma so stupid she got stabbed in a shoot out.
Yo momma so stupid she stole free bread.
Yo momma so stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Yo momma so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
Yo momma so stupid she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo momma so stupid she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Yo momma so stupid she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Yo momma so stupid she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Yo momma so stupid when you stand next to her you hear the ocean
Yo momma so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo momma so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved
Yo momma so stupid she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds
Yo momma so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
Yo momma so fat her nickname is "DAMN"
Yo momma so fat she was baptised in the ocean.
Yo momma so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway.
Yo momma so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Yo momma so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
Yo momma so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow
Yo momma so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo momma so fat the National Weather Agency has to assign names to her farts
Yo momma so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet.
Yo momma so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo momma so stupid when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends
Yo momma so stupid when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon
Yo momma so stupid she told everyone that she was "illegitiment" because she couldn't read
Yo momma so stupid she sits on the TV, and watches the couch
Yo momma so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo momma so stupid she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home.
Yo momma so stupid when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
Yo momma so stupid she jumped out the window and went up.
Yo momma so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Yo momma so stupid she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Yo momma so stupid that under "Education" on her job apllication, she put "Hooked on Phonics."
Yo momma so stupid she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
Yo momma so stupid she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
Yo momma so stupid she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo momma so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo momma so ugly she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo momma so ugly just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo momma so ugly they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo momma so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Yo momma so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
Yo momma so ugly instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck
Yo momma so ugly she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Yo momma so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras
Yo momma so ugly her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Yo momma so ugly her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
Yo momma so ugly when she walks down the street in September, people say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Yo momma so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo momma so ugly that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
Yo momma so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
Yo momma so ugly she made an onion cry.
Yo momma so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Yo momma so ugly when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours. . .for a quote
Yo momma so ugly they put her in dough and made monster cookies
Yo momma so ugly she tried to take a bath the water jumped out
Yo momma so ugly she looks out the window and gets arrested
Yo momma so ugly even Rice Krispies won't talk to her
Yo momma so ugly Ted Dansen wouldn't date her
Yo momma so ugly for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone
Yo momma so ugly she had to get her baby drunk to breastfeed it
Yo momma so ugly she turned Medusa to stone
Yo momma so ugly The NHL banned her for life
Yo momma so ugly she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween
Yo momma so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday
Yo momma so ugly if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects
Yo momma so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
Yo momma so ugly she made an onion cry
Yo momma so ugly people go as her for Halloween.
Yo momma so ugly that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo momma so ugly she scares the roaches away.
Yo momma so ugly we have to tie a steak around your neck so the dog will play with her
Yo momma so ugly I heard that your dad first met her at the pound.
Yo momma so ugly that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
Yo momma so ugly that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo momma so old I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
Yo momma so old she has Jesus' beeper number
Yo momma so old her social security number is 1
Yo momma so old that when God said let the be light, she hit the switch'
Yo momma so old that when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo momma so old she owes Jesus 3 bucks
Yo momma so old she's in Jesus's yearbook
Yo momma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo momma so old her birth certificate says expired on it.
Yo momma so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo momma so old she owes Jesus a nickel.
Yo momma so old when God said "Let their be light", she flipped the switch.
Yo momma so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo momma so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
Yo momma so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo momma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo momma so old she sat behind Jesus in the third grade.
Yo momma so old and stupid she knew the Virgin Mary when she was 10 and said, "Li'l Mary will never amount to anything".
Yo momma so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Yo momma so poor she can't afford to pay attention
Yo momma so poor when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush
Yo momma so poor when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers
Yo momma so poor when I ring the doorbell she says,"DING"
Yo momma so poor she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
Yo momma so poor she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
Yo momma so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo momma so poor she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers.
Yo momma so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.
Yo momma so poor she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags.  I said, "What ya doin'?" She said, "Buying luggage."
Yo momma so poor she drives a peanut.
Yo momma so poor she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
Yo momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent
Yo momma so dark she spits chocolate milk
Yo momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent.
Yo momma so dark that she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
Yo momma so dark she has to wear white gloves when she eats Tootsie Rolls to keep from eating her fingers.
Yo momma so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo momma so short she poses for trophies
Yo momma so short you can see her feet on her drivers lisence
Yo momma so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo momma so short she can play handball on the curb.
Yo momma so short she does backflips under the bed.
Yo momma so short she models for trophys.
Yo momma so nasty when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt
Yo momma so nasty She gotta put ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh
Yo momma so nasty she made speed stick slow down.
Yo momma so nasty she brings crabs to the beach
Yo momma so nasty she made right guard turn left.
Yo momma so nasty the fishery be paying her to leave
Yo momma so nasty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo momma so nasty that her shit is glad to escape.
Yo momma so nasty Ozzie Ozbourne refused to bite her head off
Yo momma so nasty that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh.
Yo momma like potato chips-- Fri-to Lay
Yo momma like a screen door, after a couple bangs she tends to loosen up 
Yo momma like the pillbury doughboy - everyone gets a poke
Yo momma like a doorknob - everyone gets a turn
Yo momma like a T.V. set, even a three year old can turn her on
Yo momma like a doorknob, everyone gets a turn
Yo momma like a bus, fifty cents and she's ready to ride
Yo momma like a golf course, everyone GETS a hole in one
Yo momma like the railway system, she gets laid all over the country
Yo momma like a tomato source bottle, everyone gets a squeeze out of her
Yo momma like a shotgun: one cock and she blows
Yo momma like a hardware store: 4 cents a screw
Yo momma like Domino's pizza-- Something for nothing
Yo momma like a refridgerator: everyone likes to put their meat in her
Yo momma like cake mix, 15 servings per package
Yo momma like a rifle... four cocks and she's loaded.
Yo momma like a bowling ball.  She's picked up, fingered, and then thrown in the gutter.
Yo momma like a bus:  Guys climb on and off her all day long.
Yo momma like a Toyota: "Oh what a feelin'"
Yo momma like Orange Crush: "Good Vibrations"
Yo momma like a bubble-gum machine... five cents a blow.
Yo momma like chinese food:  sweet, sour and cheap
Yo momma like a vaccuum cleaner.....a real good suck.
Yo momma so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth
Yo momma so hairy she's got afros on her nipples
Yo momma so hairy she look like she got Buchwheat in a headlock.
Yo momma so hairy Bigfoot is taking her picture
Yo momma so hairy she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Yo momma so slutty she could suck-start a Harley
Yo momma so slutty she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch ball
Yo momma so slutty when she got a new mini skirt, everyone commented on her nice belt
Yo momma so slutty she was on the cover of wheaties, with her legs open, and it said "breakfast of the champs" 
Yo momma so slutty that I could've been your daddy, but the guy in line behind me had the correct change.
Yo momma so slutty she had her own "Hands across her ass" charity drive
Yo momma so slutty that when she heard Santa Claus say HO HO HO she thought she was getting it three times.
Yo momma so slutty she blind and seeing another man.
Yo momma nose so big you can go bowling with her boogers
Yo momma nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat
Yo momma so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid
Yo momma so greasy she sweats Crisco
Yo momma so greasy Texaco buys Oil from her
Yo momma teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles
Yo momma teeth are so yellow she spits butter
Yo momma so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
Yo momma so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
Yo momma so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex.
Yo momma so skinny she turned sideways and dissapeared.
Yo momma so bald even a wig wouldn't help
Yo momma so bald you can see whats on her mind
Yo momma so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
Yo momma so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo momma so tall she did a back-flip and kicked Jesus in the mouth.
Yo momma so tall she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
Yo momma so flat she's jealous of the wall
Yo momma's glasses are so thick that when she looks on a map she can see people waving.
Yo momma's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
Yo momma has an afro with a chin strap.
Yo momma has one leg and a bicycle.
Yo momma has 4 eyes and 2 pair of sunglasses.
Yo momma has so much hair on her upper lip, she braids it.
Yo momma has one hand and a Clapper.
Yo momma has a wooden afro with an "X" carved in the back.
Yo momma has green hair and thinks she's a tree.
Yo momma has one ear and has to take off her hat to hear what you're saying.
Yo momma has a 'fro with warning lights.
Yo momma has 10 fingers--all on the same hand.
Yo momma has a glass eye with a fish in it.
Yo momma has a short leg and walks in circles.
Yo momma has a short arm and can't applaude.
Yo momma got so many freckles she looks like a hamburger
Yo momma got two wooden legs and one is one backward.
Yo momma got three fingers and a banjo.
Yo momma got a wooden leg with a kickstand on it.
Yo momma got a bald head with a part and sideburns.
Yo momma got a' afro, wit' a chin strap
Yo momma got a wooden leg with branches.
Yo momma house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yo momma house so dirty roaches ride around on dune buggies
Yo momma house so dirty she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
Yo momma hair so short when she braided it they looked like stiches.
Yo momma hair so short she curls it with rice.
Yo momma head so big she has to step into her shirts.
Yo momma head so big it shows up on radar.
Yo momma head so small she use a tea-bag as a pillow.
Yo momma head so small that she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo momma wears knee-pads and yells "Curb Service"
Yo momma feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates
Yo momma aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back
Yo momma lips so big, Chap Stick had to invent a spray.
It took yo momma 10 tries to get her drivers license, she couldnt get used to the front seat
Yo momma hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.
Yo momma hair so nappy she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
Yo momma so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo momma so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.
Yo momma twice the man you are.
Yo momma cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo momma is missing a finger and can't count past 9.
Yo momma arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo momma middle name is Rambo.
Yo momma in a wheelchair and says, "You ain't gonna puch me 'round no more."
Yo momma rouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
Yo momma so stupid was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
Yo momma mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound.
Yo momma gums are so black she spits Yoo-hoo.
Yo momma breath smell so bad when she yawns her teeth duck.
Yo momma teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
Yo mamma so fat, she wore a X t-shirt, and a helicopter landed on her
Yo mamma so skinny, she hang glides with a Dorito
Yo mamma so stupid, she thinks hamburger helper comes with another person
Yo mamma so stupid, she thinks menopause is a button
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to take off your shoes to shit
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall
when I see a christmas card that says "Ho-Ho-Ho", I know to address it to your mom.
Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't, but even if you don't, you are still a nut.
your mom is like an elevator - if you push the right button she'll go down on you
your mom is like a shotgun... one cock and she's ready to blow.
your mom is like a racecar - she can burn four rubbers in one night
the only difference between your mother and a subway is not EVERYBODY has ridden a subway.
your mom has a pussy on her hip, so she can make money on the side
you were jerking off in a plastic bag and somebody asked "What are you doing?" and you said: "Packing my lunch."
your mom is like a TV set, anyone can turn her on.
your mom is like a gas station - eventually everyone gets a pump.
your mom is like a TV set, anyone can turn her on.
your mom is like a gas station - eventually everyone gets a pump.
your mom is so fat she ordered a double room for a singles weekend
your mom is so fat that she irons her clothes in the driveway
your mom is so fat, she has to use a satellite dish for a diaphragm.
your mom is so fat that she had to get baptized at sea world
your mom is so fat that they use her underwear for bungee jumping
your mom is so fat - she's got more chins than chinatown
your mom is so fat that you gotta grease the tub to get her in the bath
you remind me of a toilet bowl - fat, round, and full of shit.
your mom is so fat that cars run out of gas just trying to pass her ass
your mom is so fat she's gotta sleep in a barn with the rest of the cows.
your mom is like a hoover, turn her on and she sucks
Are you sure the nurses know you're using the computer?
Does the zoo know that you and the other baboons got loose?
your sister sucks so much dick she could sell her spit to a sperm bank
your dad is like cement, it takes him two days to get hard
Your about as cool as the fruit loops I had for breakfast
If you want to do better, you should lower your prices; 50 cents a night is a little high
My dog says that for now on, you have to start paying him
Since you can't run with the big dogs, just sit on the porch and lick
When you were born, did the doctor slap the wronge end by mistake?
I'm looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is definately the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
The thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I hear that when you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You were born because your mother didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
No one should be punished for an accident of birth but you look too much like a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You were the answer to a prayer. Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You have nothing to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I don't consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat.
I think you should live for the moment. But after that I doubt I'll think so.
Man alive But I wish you weren't.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
I admire you because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a thief, and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.
I've stepped on crap smarted than you
I don't even think a horse would let you ride him
You're just like a bus; 50 cents and you're ready to ride
You're just like a soda machiene.  50 cents for the next generation
You're so hairy, even big foot wants to get a picture of you
You're so ugly, not even a mirror will look at you
You're so fat, when you were in school you sat next to EVERYONE
You're so fat, when you go to an amusement park, people try to ride YOU
You're so fat, you have to iron your pants in the driveway
You're so fat, when you were yellow shirts, helecopters try to land on you
You're so stupid, you have to ask directions just to look behind you
You're so stupid, you got locked in a grocery store and starved
You're so stupid, when the weather man said it was chilly, you grabbed a spoon
You're so poor, when you walk in the front door, you also walk out the back door
Yo momma got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tounge is in jail.
Yo momma got a metal afro with rusty sideburns.
Yo momma house so small that when she orders a large pizza she had to go outside to eat it.
Yo momma house so small she has to go outside to eat a large pizza.
More than one living relative is named after a Southern Civil War general.
You think the stock market has a fence around it.
You think the O.J. trial was the big Sunkist and Minutemaid taste test.
You've ever lost a loved one to kudzu.
Your boat has not left the driveway in 15 years.
Your front porch collapses and kills more than three dogs.
You've ever used lard in bed.
Your coffee table used to be a telephone cable spool.
You keep a can of Raid on the kitchen table.
You've ever used a toilet seat as a picture frame.
Your home has more miles on it than your car.
Your Christmas tree is still up in February.
You've ever been arrested for loitering.
You think that potted meat on a saltine is an hors d'ouvre.
There is a stuffed possum anywhere in your house.
You hammer bottle caps into the frame of your front door to make it look nice.
You've ever shot anyone for looking at you.
You own a homemade fur coat.
Your wife can climb a tree faster than your cat.
Your momma has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
You've totaled every car you've ever owned.
There are more than five McDonald's bags currently on the floorboard of your car.
Momma taught you how to flip a cigarette.
There is a wasp nest in your living room.
The Home Shopping Channel operator recognizes your voice.
You give your dad a gallon of Pepto-Bismol for his birthday.
There has ever been crime-scene tape on your front door.
You burn your front yard rather than mow it.
If my dog had a face as ugly as your momma's, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards.
I saw your momma at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.
I saw your momma kicking a can down the street. I asked her what she was doing,  and she said "Moving."
You consider a six-pack and a bug-zapper high-quality entertainment.
Fewer than half of your cars run.
You've ever been kicked out of the zoo for heckling the monkeys.
The taillight covers of your car are made of tape.
Your car has never had a full tank of gas.
Any of your kids were conceived in a car wash.
Your momma has ever been involved in a cuss fight with the principal.
You think a subdivision is part of a math problem.
You've ever bathed with flea and tick soap.
Your good deed for the month was hiding your brother for a few days.
Your wheelbarrow breaks and it takes four relatives to figure out how to fix it.
Your momma doesn't remove the Marlboro from her lips before telling the State Trooper to kiss her a--.
You stand under the mistletoe at Christmas and wait for Granny and cousin Sue-Ellen to walk by.
Your favorite T-shirt is offensive in thirteen states.
You've ever been involved in a custody fight over a huntin' dog.
You're an expert on worm beds.
The dog catcher calls for a backup unit when he visits your house.
Your wife has ever said, "Come move this transmission so I can take a bath"
Your family tree does not fork.
The flood history of the area can be seen on your living room walls.
You haul more than U-Haul.
There is a gun rack on your bicycle.
Your wedding was held in the delivery room.
Your soap on a rope doubles as an air freshener.
Your wife's hairdo attracts bees.
Your baby's first words are "Attention K-Mart shoppers."
The antenna on your truck is a danger to low flying airplanes.
Your primary source of income is the pawn shop.
You pick your teeth from a catalog.
You've ever financed a tattoo.
You refer to the time you won a free case of oil as the "day my ship came in."
Your hairdo has ever been ruined by a ceiling fan.
Your mother has been involved in a fist fight at a high school sports event.
You've ever barbecued Spam on the grill.
You own all the components of soap on a rope except the soap.
The best way to keep things cold is to leave'em in the shade.
You've ever raked leaves in your kitchen.
The neighbors started a petition over your Christmas lights.
Your brother-in-law is your uncle.
You entire family has ever sat around waiting for a call from the governor to spare a loved one.
You go to the family reunion to pick up women.
your grandmother has ever been asked to leave a bingo game because of her language.
You can't tell what color your car is because of the dirt.
You have refused to watch the Academy Awards since "Smokey and the Bandit" was snubbed for best picture.
None of your shirts cover your stomach.
Your only condiment on the dining room table is the economy size bottle of ketchup.
The rear tires on your car are at least twice as wide as the front ones.
You consider "Outdoor Life" deep reading.
You prominently display a gift you bought at Graceland.
You use the term `over yonder' more than once a month.
Birds are attracted to your beard.
The diploma hanging in your den contains the words "Trucking Institute".
Your mother keeps a spit cup on the ironing board.
Your wife's job requires her to wear an orange vest.
You've ever worn a tube top to a wedding.
Bikers back down from your momma.
You were shooting pool when your kids were born.
Your favorite Christmas present was a painting on black velvet.
You think that Dom Perignon is a mafia leader.
You have the local taxidermist's number on speed dial.
Your school fight song was "Dueling Banjos".
You think a chain saw is a musical instrument.
You've ever stolen clothes from a scarecrow.
The most commonly heard phrase at your family reunion is "What the h--l are you looking at, Sh-thead?"
You think that beef jerky and Moon Pies are two of the major food groups.
You've ever shot a deer from inside your house.
The first words out of your mouth every time you see friends are "Howdy",  "HEY" or "How Y'all Doin'?" (If they respond with the same... they're a redneck too)
You have more than two brothers named Bubba or Junior.
You've ever stolen toilet paper from a public restroom.
You clean your nails with a stick.
You prefer car keys to Q-tips.
Your Christmas cards have a copy of your butt included.
People are scared to touch your wife's bathrobe.
Your father encourages you to quit school because Larry has an opening on the lube rack.
You think a Volvo is part of a woman's anatomy.
You've ever worn shorts to a funeral home.
You think that the styrofoam cooler is the greatest invention of all time.
You've ever been too drunk to fish.
You've ever bought a used cap.
You had to remove a toothpick for wedding pictures.
You've ever used a weedeater indoors.
Your momma tore her best dress coon hunting.
You have a rag for a gas cap (on a car that does run).
You look upon a family reunion as a chance to meet `Ms. Right'
You have to go outside to get something out of the 'fridge.
Your richest relative buys a new house and you have to help take the wheels off it.
In an effort to watch your cholesterol, you eat Spam Lite.
Your idea of a seven course meal is a bucket of KFC and a sixpack.
You go to a tupperware party for a haircut.
You've ever spray painted your girlfriend's name on an overpass.
Your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand.
Someone asks to see your ID and you show them your belt buckle.
Your Junior/Senior Prom had a day care.
The directions to your house include "turn off the paved road".
Your dog and your wallet are both on chains.
Every electrical outlet in your house is a fire hazard.
Your kids are going hungry tonight because you just had to have those Yosemite Sam mudflaps.
You owe the taxidermist more than your annual income.
You fainted when you met Slim Whitman.
You have lost at least one tooth opening a beer bottle.
Jack Daniels makes your list of "most admired people".
You won't stop at a rest area if you have an empty beer can in the car.
Your dog can't watch you eat without gagging.
You have a Hefty bag on the passenger side window of your car.
You have a very special baseball cap, just for formal occasions.
Red Man sends you a Christmas card.
The Salvation Army declines your mattress.
You bought a VCR so you could tape wrestling while you are at work.
Your dad walks you to school because you are both in the same grade.
Your wife has a beer belly and you find it attractive.
Your house doesn't have curtains, but your truck does.
You have started a petition to change the National Anthem to "Georgia on My Mind".
You call your boss "Buddy", on a regular basis.
You consider your license plate personalized because your dad made it in prison.
You have been fired from a construction job because of your appearance. (Is that a bad mental image or what?)
You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos.
You need an estimate from your barber before you get a haircut.
The biggest fashion risk you take is which plaid  you'll wear to the 4-H Fair.
You have flowers planted in a bathroom appliance in your front yard.
Someone in your family says "Cum'n heer an' lookit this afore I flush it."
Your wife weighs more then your refrigerator.
You move your refrigerator and the grass underneath it has turned yellow.
You mow your lawn and find a car.
You can spit without opening your mouth.
Going to the bathroom in the middle of the night involves putting on shoes and a jacket and grabbing a flashlight.
You go Christmas shopping for your mom, sister, and girlfriend, and you only need to buy one gift.
You are still holding on to Confederate money because you think the South will rise again.
You consider pork and beans to be a gourmet food.
You can amuse yourself for more than an hour with a fly swatter.
You have to go down to the creek to take a bath.
You participate in the "who can spit tobacco the farthest contest".
You roll you hair with soup cans and wash it once a year.
You've never paid for a haircut.
You consider a three piece suit to be: a pair of overalls, a plaid flannel shirt and thermal underwear.
There is a sheet hanging in your closet and a gun rack hanging in your truck.
You think the Mountain Men in Deliverance were just"misunderstood".
You've ever made change in the offering plate.
The fifth grade is referred to as "your senior year."
You consider a good tan to be the back of of your neck and the left arm below the shirt sleeve...
You own at least 20 baseball hats.
You think a 'cursor' is someone who swears a lot.
You know of at least six different ways to bend the bill of a baseball hat.
You can change the oil in your truck without ducking your head.
When you run out of gas, you put gin in the gas tank.
Your screen door has no screen.
Your biggest ambition in live is to "git that big ole coon.  The one what hangs 'round over yonder, back'ah Bubba's barn..."
Three quarters of the clothes you own have logos on them.
Your grandfather completely executes the "pull my finger" trick at the family reunion.
When you leave your house, you are followed by federal agents of the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, and the only thing you worry about is if you can lose them or not.
You have a house that's mobile and five cars that aren't.
You gene pool doesn't have a "deep end."
Your `huntin dawg' cost more than the truck you drive him around in.
You have a Hefty bag for a convertible top.
Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds.
You have an Elvis Jell-o mold.
You have the taxidermist's number on speed-dial.
You own more cowboy boots than sneakers.
You've been to a funeral and there were more pick-ups than cars.
You have a picture of Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, or Elvis over your fireplace.
You just bought an 8-track player to put in your car.
There are four or more cars up on blocks in the front yard.
It's easier to spray weed killer on your lawn than mow it.
You think that John Deere Green, Ford Blue, and Primer Gray are the three of the primary colors.
You've ever climbed a water tower with a bucket of paint to defend your sister's honor.
Your vehicle has a two-tone paint job--primer red and primer gray.
The tobacco chewers in your family aren't just men.
Your momma calls you over to help, cause she has a flat tire...on her house
The ASPCA raids your kitchen.
You have to check in the bottom of your shoe for change so you can get Grandma a new plug of tobacco.
You can't get married to your sweetheart because there is a law against it.
You celebrate Groundhog Day because you believe in it.
Your kid takes a siphon hose to show-and-tell.
You've been on TV more than 5 times describing the sound of a tornado.
You fish in your above-ground pool. . . and catch something.
When a sign that says "Say No To Crack" reminds you to pull up your jeans.
Your beer can collection is considered a tourist attraction in your home town.
Getting a package from your post office requires a full tank of gas in the truck.
Your wife wants to stop at the gas station to see if they've got the new Darrell Waltrip Budweiser wall clock.
You dated your daddy's current wife in high school.
You're moved to tears every time you hear Dolly Parton singing "I Will Always Love You".
You grow Vidalia onions, rather than considering them a gourmet item.
Your Momma would rather go the racetrack than the Kennedy Center. (Clinton true-life story)
The most serious loss from the earthquake was your Conway Twitty record collection (your insurance man is a redneck too if he pays you for it).
You have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education.
You've ever hit a deer with your car...deliberately.
You can tell your age by the number of rings in the bathtub.
Your momma gives you tips on how to sneak booze into sporting events.
Exxon and Conoco have offered you royalties for your hair.
Your dad is also your favorite uncle.
Your classes at school were cancelled because the path to the restroom was flooded.
During your senior year you and your mother had homeroom together.
You're a lite beer drinker, because you start drinking when it gets light.
On your first date you had to ask your Dad to borrow the keys to the tractor.
Your parakeet knows the phrase "Open up, Police"
You saved lots of money on your honeymoon by going deer hunting.
In tough situations you ask yourself, "What would Curly do?"
Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen.
You think the last words to the Star Spangled Banner are "Play Ball..."
You have a color coordinating rope that ties down your car hood.
You bring your dog to work with you.
Your grandmother can correctly execute the sleeper hold.
You've ever held somebody up with a caulk gun.
You have every episode of "Hee Haw" on tape.
Your favorite hunting dog has a bigger tombstone than your grandfather.
Your masseuse uses lard.
Your wife's best shoes have steel toes.
You use your fishing license as a form of I.D.
On stag night, you take a real deer.
You use a 55 Chevy as a guest house.
Your back porch is bigger than your house.
There is more oil in your cap than in your car.
You think a hot tub is a stolen bathroom fixture.
A full-grown ostrich has fewer feathers than your cowboy hat.
An expired license plate means another decoration for your living room wall.
You think Old Yeller is a movie about your brother's tooth.
You watch Little House on the Prairie for decorating tips.
Your secret family recipe is illegal.
Your handkerchief doubles as your shirt sleeve.
Your baby's favorite teething ring is the garden hose in the front yard.
Your coat-of-arms features kudzu.
Your sophisticated show-biz cousin is a rodeo clown.
You think people that send out graduation announcements are show-offs.
Your best ashtray is a turtle shell.
Your pocketknife has ever been referred to as Exhibit A.
You think cur is a breed of dog.
People hear your car long before they see it.
Your four-year-old is a member of the NRA.
Your satellite dish payment delays buying school clothes for the kids.
Your most expensive shoes have numbers on the heels.
Your wife has ever burned out an electric razor.
Your birth announcement included the word "rug rat".
You've ever hitchhiked naked,
You're turned on by a woman who can field dress a deer.
You use the O on a stop sign to sight your new rifle.
Your bumper sticker says, "My other car is a combine."
The gas pedal on your car is shaped like a bare foot.
The highlight of your parties is when you flip out your false teeth.
Your wife keeps a can of Vienna sausage in her purse.
Taking a dip has nothing to do with water.
There are more than ten lawsuits currently pending against your dog.
You take a fishing pole to Sea World.
The hood and one door are a different color from the rest of your car.
You've ever filled your deer tag on the golf course.
You've ever shot somebody over a mall parking space.
Santa Claus refuses to let your kids sit in his lap.
Your toilet paper has page numbers on it.
You think mud rasslin' should be an Olympic sport.
The receptionist checks the rat traps at your place of business.
You list your parole officer as a reference.
There are more fish on your wall than pictures.
Motel 6 turns off the lights when they see you coming.
There are more dishes in your sink than in your cabinets.
You think a turtleneck is a key ingredient in soup.
You've ever stood in line to get your picture taken with a freak of nature.
Your anniversary present was getting the septic tank pumped.
Your local ambulance has a trailer hitch.
You watch cartoons long after your kids get bored.
You think the French Riviera is a foreign car.
You think you are an entrepreneur because of the "Dirt for Sale" sign in the front yard.
Were I like thee I'd throw away myself.
You’re my favorite person besides every other person I’ve ever met.
Did your parents have any children that lived?
I envy people who have never met you.
Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside.
You’re kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
You’re not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn’t die.
Those aren’t acne scars, those are marks from the coat hanger.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
You look like your father would be disappointed in you if he stayed.
You’re not pretty enough to be that dumb.
I’m sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer.
You’re so stupid you couldn’t pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
Such a shame your mother didn’t swallow you.
The best part of you ran down your mom’s leg.
You couldn’t organize a blowjob if you were in a Nevada brothel with a pocket full of hundred-dollar bills.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Does your ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
You’re so dense, light bends around you.
I’d love to stay and chat but I’d rather have type-2 diabetes.
You should put a condom on your head, because if you’re going to act like a dick you better dress like one, too.
I bet you swim with a T-shirt on.
How are you the sperm that won?
May your balls turn square and fester at the corners.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
If you were a potato you’d be a stupid potato.
Your face looks like it was set on fire and put out with chains.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn’t what she meant.
You are so ugly that when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.
Ready to fail like your dad’s condom?
If I wanted to commit suicide I’d climb to your ego and jump to your IQ.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
Everyone that has ever said they love you was wrong.
You have the charm and charisma of a burning orphanage.
If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness.
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
The only difference between you and Hitler is Hitler knew when to kill himself.
You’re dumber than I tell people.
I hope you have beautiful children and that they all get cancer.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
For years your mother and I wanted kids. Imagine our disappointment when you came along.
Your face is so oily that I’m surprised America hasn’t invaded yet.
Your father should’ve wiped you on the sheets.
If I wanted any shit out of you I’d take my dick out of your ass.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
You’re the reason you mom swallows now.
How did you crawl out of the abortion bucket?
If the road were paved with dicks, your mother would walk on her ass.
You are the stone in the shoes of humanity.
You’re not as dumb as you look..
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was my dick.
You know, people were right about you.
You’ve got a great body. Too bad there’s no workout routine for a face.
If you could suck your own dick then you would finally suck at everything.
I want you to be the pallbearer at my funeral so you can let me down one last time.
Don’t make me have to smack the extra chromosome out of you.
You’ve gotta be two people, because no single person can be that stupid.
If you were any dumber, someone would have to water you twice a week.
You’ll never be half the man your mother was.
If you were on fire and I had a cup of my own piss, I’d drink it.
I’ve forgotten more than you know.
You smell like you wipe back to front.
I could agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
Shut your mouth, I can smell your Dad’s cock.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
How do you even masturbate knowing whose dick you’re touching?
You are the human embodiment of an eight-dollar haircut.
The only thing that will ever screw you is life.
If you were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid. I can’t forget that day.
You look like a bag of mashed-up assholes.
You’re a huge bag of tiny cocks.
You’re so inbred you’re a sandwich.
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre.
What’s a girl like you doing at a nice place like this?
You’re about as important as a white crayon.
Was your mother just in the bathroom? Because she forgot to flush your twin.
If my dog had a face like you, I’d paint his ass and teach him to walk backwards.
If your parents were to divorce, would they still be brother and sister?
You look like the kind of person that buys condoms on his way to a family reunion.
People will not only remember your death, they will celebrate it.
You are a shit stain on the underpants of society.
You look like you were poured into your clothes but someone forgot to say when to stop.
You’re about as useful as tits on a pigeon.
Why are you playing hard to get when you’re so hard to want?
I’d offer you a shit sandwich, but I hear you don’t like bread.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
What smells worse than a goblin? Oh yeah, you
Your mother takes up more tiles than a gelatinous cube
You're going to make an excellent belt
I'm glad you're tall...It means there's more of you I can despise
I don't know whether to use charm person or hold monster
You're the reason baby gnomes cry
Ugh. What the he'll is that all over your face? Oh...its just your face
You are the feces that is created when shame eats too much stupidly
You're like a dragon, only shit
I've seen more threatening geckos
I swear, if you were any worse at this, you'd be doing our job for us
On a scale of 1 - 10, you're proper screwed
Your mother was a kobold and your father smelled of elderberry
You would bore the legs off a village idiot
It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level
You're not a complete idiot...Some parts are obviously missing
You're like a trained ape, only, without the training
Hey, have you ever been mistaken for a (insert)
Well, my time of not taking you seriously is coming to a middle
Your mother's so ugly, folk turn to stone just incase they might happen to catch a glimpse of her face
Some day you'll meet a doppelganger of yourself and be disappointed
Are you always stupid, or are you making a special effort today
Some day you'll go far and I hope you stay there
You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a big liar
I'd like to leave you with one thought...but I'm not sure you have anywhere to put it
So, you're a half (insert), was your mother a spider or is your ass naturally that huge
Your momma's so ugly, clerics try to turn her
Your magic is as bad as your breath
Oh look, both your weapons are tiny
A wet cat is tougher than you
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive
Are you a half orc crossed with a pig? Oh yeah, there are some things a pig wouldn't do
Wow, that's a fat ass. I guess those behind you are gaining cover for this fight
Your Breath would put an otyugh off it's breakfast
I could say you're as ugly as an ogre, but that would be an insult to ogres
I would contact your mother about your death, but I don't speak goblin
Your very existence is an insult to all
You look like the armpit of an unshaven bog hag
You are maggot pie served from a dwarf's codpiece
A goblin with one hand nailed to a tree would be more of a threat than you
You look like a scab on a troll's wart
No loot is worth having to look at you
You are the worst example of your class that I've ever come across
OMG. Why don't you give me your weapon so I can hit myself with it, because that'd be more effective than you trying it
I can tell your reservoir of courage is fed by the tributary running down your leg
I'd insult your parents, but you probably don't know who they are
Well...I have met sharper loaves of bread
Even evard's black tentacles wouldn't touch something as gross as you
Would you like me to remove that curse? Oh my mistake, you were just born that way
There is no beholder's eye in which you are beautiful
Animal friendship was the only way your parents could get puppies to play with you
Your ugly face makes a good argument against raising the dead
When your god put teeth in your mouth, he ruined a perfectly good asshole
If your brain exploded, it wouldn't even mess up your hair
Somewhere, Your depriving a village of it's idiot
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't get my head that far up my arse
Could you go get your husband, I don't like fighting ugly women
You call that an attack, I've seen dead kittens hit harder than that
I heard what happened to your mother, it's not everyday your reflection kills you
You look like your mother, and, your mother looks like your father
You're so stupid, if an illithid tried to eat your brain, it would starve to death
What's that smell? I thought breath weapons were suppose to come out of your mouth
I would try to insult your father, but you were probably mistaken for a half orc, and disowned
Did your mother cast a darkness spell to feed you
No wonder you're hiding behind cover, I'd hide too with a face like that
Do you have a pen? Well you'd better get back to it before the farmer knows you are missing
Quick grab some fire...no wait, it's ok, it's not an actual troll
If I were you, I'd go and get my money back for that remove curse spell
OMG. And I thought troglodytes smelt bad
We're you once hit by a melf's acid arrow or have you always looked like a half eaten marrow
Phew Have you just cast stinking cloud or do you always smell like that
Very impressive, I think I'll hire you out for children's parties
Hey, you pox ridden dung heap, I bet not even a starving vampire would go near you
By looking at you, now I know what you get when you scrape out the bottom of the barrel
I was going to cast detect thoughts, but I don't think I'm going to find anything up there
I wish I still had that blindness spell, then I wouldn't have to endure that face anymore
I was thinking of casting feeblemind, but I doubt it would work on you
Tell me, did you run away from your parents, or did they run away from you
What's the difference between a troll and your mother? One's a stinking ugly monster, and the other is a troll
I was wondering what you are, you're fat enough to be an ogre, but I've never seen an ogre THAT ugly before
Your mother was so stupid, zombies made her a dunce hat
You're like a gnome on stilts, real cute, but it's not working
They say every rose has its thorn, ain't that right, buttercup
I'd say you were a worthy opponent, but I once fought a flumph wielding a dandelion
If this fight gets any harder, I'll have to switch it up to folk music
I'd draw my rapier, but I wouldn't want to make you jealous
Do you know what happens to a (insert) when it fails it's save? Neither do I, but based on what happened to your comrade, my money's on 'dies horribly'
How does it feel that you're not worthy of anyone casting a decent spell on you
One day I'm going to make a ballad of this fight. Tell me your name, I hope it rhymes with horribly slaughtered
Your mother is so fat that making a joke here would detract from the seriousness of her condition
Didn't there used to be like twice as many of you guys? What's up with that, huh
Stop me if you've heard this one. The sole purpose of your existence is to serve as a speedbump on others path to greatness - okay you definitely should of stopped me by now
What's the difference between a dragon and a mallard with a cold? One's a sick duck and I forget the punchline, but your mother's a whore
Wait, wait, I just need to ask, what do you need us to put on your headstone
I've heard of schoolgirls with better fighting skills than you
By the gods your ugly, I bet your father regrets not pulling out when he had the chance
You do know the pointy end is suppose to go in the other guy, right
Do you know, that if you were at a party surrounded by female zombies, the only thing you'd pull is a hamstring
Wait, so you're the manifestation of a divine being of supreme power and malevolence, and you chose that face? Do they even have mirrors on your plane of existence
What smells worse than a dead goblin? A live one
Green skin was sooo last season
You spell like a barbarian Spell I said spell (against a caster/magic user)
Your mother takes up more tiles than a gelatinous cube
Ahhh a hideous fiend Oh wait no, you're just ugly.
I've recieved more witty banter from zombies
Ugh. I never thought I'd miss the smell of dwarf Congratulations. You've gone nose deaf.
Biggest Kobold I ever saw(to any reptilian race other than kobold).
Damn, you're ugly enough to collect warlock autographs(likening them to a fiend or cthulu).
Ugh what the hell is that all over your face? Oh.. that's just your face.
Charisma was OBVIOUSLY your dump stat
You have the dexterity of a rhino And only half the looks
You are going to make an excellent belt (any creature with hide or scales)
You're so ugly when you take a bath the water makes a reflex save With advantage Who are we kidding, you don't bathe
Alright guys pour on the fire damage Wait, what? Oh no, nevermind he's not an actual troll.
Oh god the smell Elderberries would be an improvement
I don't know whether to charm person or beast
You're the reason baby gnomes cry
If you had any more teeth... you'd have one
No loot is worth having to look at you
Your challenge rating has to be in the negatives.
You kleptomaniacal, self righteous, oversized gila monster(to a dragon)
You orcs are so poor your shields are on layaway
Your fighting stance looks like an unfolded lawn chair
You are so damn clumsy your 0 level spells are called willtrips
Your lack of personal hygene doesn't require a perception check
You are irrelevant to the main plotline
Do you even have a name? You are so dead.
Do you even have a last name? Hahaha didn't think so
You are a one demensional character that lacks even a generic backstory
It takes you 45 days to cook minute rice
My milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard Damn right they're better than yours
You are the feces that is created, when shame eats too much stupidity
You aren't important enough for a specific insult
You aren't being the person Mr. Rodgers thought you could be
You monolog like a subpar 60's batman villan
Your doomsday device looks like it was built by ikea
You're a disapointment to your ancestors
You swing like a halfling
If I knew darkvision ment I still had to look at your ugly mug at night I'd have rolled human
I've seen more threatening geckos.
Why don't you summon yourself some real friends? (Magic User)
Wow... You're amazing Wait... No, what's the opposite of amazing? Oh, yeah, shit You're shit at this
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
There was an accident years ago. The accident wasn't on a highway, but in your mom's bedroom.
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Please, I could remove 90% of your 'beauty' with a tissue.
Do your keepers a huge favor: do a triple summersault through the air, and disappear up your own asshole.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.