Did you drink alcohol before you were legal to do so?
Have you ever tried marijuana?
Have you ever tried cocaine?
Have you ever tried magic mushrooms?
Have you ever tried ecstasy?
What's the weirdest thing you've done while drunk?
What did you last search for on your phone web browser?
Have you ever accidentally walked in on your parents naked?
Have you ever eaten food that you dropped on the ground?
Have you ever picked your nose and ate it?
Have you ever shoplifted?
Have you ever stolen money from your parents?
Have you ever blamed something you did on another person?
Have you ever peed in your pants from laughing too hard?
Have you ever tasted your ear wax?
Have you ever peed in a public pool?
Have you ever had a crush on one of your teachers?
Have you ever made out in an elevator?
Do you like anyone in this group more than a friend?
Have you ever made out with someone in this group?
Are you wearing underwear?
Have you ever worn the same underwear for more than one day?
Do you smell your clothes to determine if you can wear them again without washing?
What parts of your body do you shave?
Have you ever had cosmetic surgery?
Have you ever accused someone else of farting after you farted?
Have you ever dressed up as the opposite sex?
What do you have in your room that your parents don't know about?
Do you wash your hands every time after you go to the bathroom?
What's the weirdest outfit you've ever worn in public?
What was your most recent embarrassing moment?
What joke do you think is funny that nobody ever laughs at?
Have you ever blamed a pet for something you did?
Have you ever laughed at a totally inappropriate moment?
What practical joke did you totally fall for?
Have you ever sent someone naked photos of yourself?
Have you ever taken a duck face selfie?
What's the most disgusting food you've ever eaten?
Have you ever popped a zit in public?
What's the worst thing you've ever done to someone else?
Did you ever try to fake your report card grades?
Have you ever been mean to one of your teachers?
What thing did you do that got you into the most trouble?
What was the last thing you did to get grounded?
Have you ever tried to write an excuse note for yourself?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made while cooking?
Have you ever started an unintended fire?
Have you ever accidentally destroyed something that was important to someone else?
Have you ever eaten dog food?
Have you ever eaten something that was already thrown in the trash?
What song's words did you totally mess up but you thought were correct?
Have you ever drawn on someone when they were asleep?
What video have you made that you're most embarrassed about?
What's the most recent lie you told your parents?
What was the last lie you told your significant other?
What's your most recent naked story?
Did you ever do a school prank?
What did you do to get suspended from school?
What did you do to end up in detention at school?
What got you into the most trouble at home?
What rumor did you start that you're sorry about?
What is the best lie you convinced someone that was true?
Have you ever been caught copying someone else's work?
How did you get away with cheating on a test?
Do you have anything in your bed for comfort when you sleep?
Do you still sleep with a nightlight?
What is your scariest imagination when you fall to sleep?
When is the last time you pretended to be sick when you weren't?
When is the last time you threw up?
What do you think might be hiding in your closet at night?
What's the last thing you binged ate?
What's something you thought your parents didn't know but found out later they did?
Did you ever sneak outside your house after you were supposed to be asleep?
What happened at your worst birthday party?
What's the worst excuse you tried to use on a teacher or parent?
Who do you currently have a crush on?
When's the last time you farted?
When's the last time you sharted?
What's your most embarrassing toilet story?
What was the most embarrassing thing you accidentally texted to the wrong person?
When is the last time you tried to silently fart, but it ended up being loud?
What's your pooped in my pants story?
What's your accidentally insulting someone story?
Have you ever picked a wedgie and then smelled your fingers?
What's your most embarrassing swimming story?
What's the last thing you had stuck in your teeth that you didn't notice until you got home?
What's your most embarrassing clothes malfunction story?
How did you ruin clothing you really liked?
What's the dumbest thing you've said in front of someone you liked?
What's the most recent thing you learned wasn't true that you thought was?
When's the last time you snored loudly in front of others?
What's the last big mistake you made in front of others?
Who's the last person you called by the wrong name?
Have you ever walked into something while on the phone?
What did you think at the time was cool but now you regret?
What did you think you were good at but found out that you really weren't?
What's your bad breath story?
What's your snot shooting out my nose story?
Have you ever clipped your toenails in public?
What's your really weird secret collection?