Would you rather kiss a poisonous snake or a crocodile?
Would you rather live in a world where robots or aliens ruled the world?
Would you rather have nine toes or eleven toes?
Would you rather have every outfit you wear be slightly itchy or slightly too tight?Would you rather have unlimited knowledge or unlimited wealth?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life underwater or underground?
Would you rather always be ten minutes late or an hour early?
Would you rather be able to see your own future or be able to see other people's future?
Would you rather eat food that you're not allowed to cook or TV dinners for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have all your food overseasoned or underseasoned?
Would you rather spend five years in prison or twenty years in a coma?
Would you rather accidentally walk in on your parents making out or have them walk in on you making out?
Would you rather have a perfect memory of your past or be able to see one minute into your future?
Would you rather spend eight hours listening to someone scratch a chalkboard with their nails or have a mosquito buzzing around your head as you try to sleep each night for a month?
Would you rather die before your significant other or after your significant other?
Would you rather have wet gloves or wet shoes every time you go out in the snow?
Would you rather know your significant other cheated on you once but never will again or not know they ever did and they never will again?
Would you rather have a job where you sit all day or a job where you stand all day?
Would you rather go on a date where the person constantly humblebrags or where they're constantly on their phone?
Would you rather date someone who always talks during movies or wears too much fragrance?
Would you rather be poor but everyone loves you or a billionaire and nobody likes you?
Would you rather be able to hear all the positive things people say about you or all the negative things people say about you?
Would you rather wear all second-hand clothes or all designer clothes
Would you rather have a bad hair day or a bad clothes day?
Would you rather wear clothes that are a bit too small or wear clothes three times too big?
Would you rather get rid of 90% of your possessions or 10% of your friends?
Would you rather always have a shopping cart with one wheel that doesn't work right when shopping or an uneven table leg at every restaurant where you eat?
Would you rather lose all your teeth or lose all your hair?
Would you rather have perfect skin but bad teeth or a perfect smile but bad skin?
Would you rather have a phone with unlimited battery life or strong
Would you rather have excellent cooking skills or excellent organizing skills?
Would you rather stuck in a cave for a day or stuck in an elevator for a day?
Would you rather feel the pain of everything you eat or see the death of everything you eat?
Would you rather wear nothing but sweatpants for the rest of your life or never be able to wear sweatpants again?
Would you rather be unhappily single or unhappily married for the rest of your life?
Would you rather all your pants have broken zippers or all your shirts have missing buttons?
Would you rather be well fed but homeless or have a home but little food for a month?
Would you rather have a song that you hate stuck in your head or an itch you can't reach for a year?
Would you rather a best friend or five really good friends?
Would you rather be a multi-millionaire in 1900 or a middle-class person today?
Would you rather go a year without combing your hair or a year without deodorant?
Would you rather lose your sense of smell or your ability to taste?
Would you rather eat a delicious meal with no utensils or a mediocre meal with utensils?
Would you rather spend a week in the wilderness or one night in a haunted house?
Would you rather only be able to whisper or only be able to shout?
Would you rather be punished for a crime you didn't commit or have a friend punished for a crime you committed?
Would you rather be an infamous villain or an unknown superhero?
Would you rather only be able to tell your food is rotten by tasting it or have all the food you eat smell rotten even though it's fine?
Would you rather achieve world peace or solve world hunger?
Would you rather have a friend that types in all caps in texts or a friend that replies to all in emails?
Would you rather have a great significant other but o friends
Would you rather have the power to fall asleep on command or the power to wake up on command?
Would you rather never be able to take a shower again or never be able to take a bath again?
Would you rather wear no underwear or no socks for a year?
Would you rather have unlimited strength or unlimited speed?
Would you rather have long hair growing out of your nose or long hair growing out of your ears?
Would you rather look young but feel old or look old but feel young?
Would you rather never use toilet paper or only use leaves from trees you've gathered as toilet paper?
Would you rather always have a little rock in your shoe you can't find or always have a hangnail that gets caught on things?
Would you rather live in luxury in a town you don't like or in a shack in a town you love?
Would you rather have a friend that always tells you the truth or a friend who always backs you up even when you're wrong?
Would you rather be able to change your past or be able to change your future?
Would you rather get one wish granted today or wait five years to get three wished granted? (no wishing for more wishes)
Would you rather be bitten by a poisonous snake or a poisonous spider?
Would you rather have unlimited knowledge or unlimited wealth?
Would you rather remember everything you see or remember everything you hear?
Would you rather have nine toes or eleven toes?Would you rather be at a 4-hour concert of a band you hate or a 4-hour dinner with a person you dislike?
Would you rather never eat your favorite food again or never kiss someone again?
Would you rather never have to wait at lights or never have to wait for your food?
Would you rather have constantly chapped lips or constantly stuffed nose?
Would you rather eat nothing but burnt food or nothing but leftovers from people you don't know?
Would you rather spend a year on an island with someone who never stopped talking or completely alone?
Would you rather get no gifts on your birthday or 100 gifts that you absolutely hated on your birthday?
Would you rather not be able to speak or not be able to read?
Would you rather always have a slow Internet connection or always be in traffic jams when you drive?
Would you rather read the book or watch the movie version of the book?
Would you rather be seen as a person who always whines or as someone who is a bad person?
Would you rather be the God of light or the God of darkness?
Would you rather be intelligent but poor or stupid but rich?
Would you rather dress in only pink neon or only black for the rest of your life?
Would you rather not have knees or not have elbows?
Would you rather have a personal assistant or a housekeeper?
Would you rather get no gifts on your birthday or 100 gifts that you absolutely hated on your birthday?Would you rather date someone who always talks during movies or wears too much fragrance?
Would you rather be blind or completely forget your memory to this point?
Would you rather be bored all the time or too busy all the time?
Would you rather be famous now and forgotten when you die or unknown now and famous after your death?
Would you rather live in an RV or live on a sailboat?
Would you rather earn $1 for each word you say or earn $1 for each step you take?
Would you rather wake up with a hangover every morning or go to sleep with a headache every night?
Would you rather let a random person cut your hair or let a random person color your hair?
Would you rather move to a new city every month or stay in the same location for your entire life?
Would you rather eat delicious food with a blind date or eat fast food with a good friend each night for an entire month?
Would you rather always have to tell the truth or never be able to speak again?
Would you rather lie without anyone knowing or tell when anybody is lying?
Would you rather date your best friend's sibling or have your best friend date your sibling?
Would you rather always drink bad coffee or always eat stale bread?
Would you rather be able to take a shower whenever you want but the water pressure is always really low or take the perfect shower but only be able to do it once a month?
Would you rather have free coffee or free ice-cream for the rest of your life?
Would you rather always have spinach stuck in your teeth or always have dandruff on your shoulders?
Would you rather have every outfit you wear be slightly itchy or slightly too tight?
Would you rather only be able to eat meat you hunt or raise yourself or only eat fruits and vegetables you grow yourself?
Would you rather be able to talk to wild animals or domesticated animals?
Would you rather have your perfect body but be poor or have a body your never satisfied with but be rich?
Please LIKE & SHARE to keep our generators available!
Would you rather wake up 3 hours earlier than normal or sleep 3 hours later than normal?
Would you rather fly free anywhere at any time or eat free anywhere at any time?
Would you rather never be able to eat cake or pie again?
Would you rather never have to sleep or never have to go to the bathroom?
Would you rather be able to time travel or to be able to stop time?
Would you rather always have a terrible haircut or shave your head bald?
Would you rather let a random stranger lick you or you lick a random stranger?
Would you rather give up social media or Netflix?
Would you rather have five feet or five hands?
Would you rather have someone cheat on you or you cheat on someone and they find out?
Would you rather get a terrible tattoo that's visible or a terrible scar that's semi-visible.
Would you rather have no long-term memory or no short-term memory?
Would you rather have other people think your smell like bacon or have every person you meet smell like bacon to you?
Would you rather have to tell everyone you meet "I love you" or never be able to say "I love you: to anyone?
Would you rather lose all your photos or lose all your mementos?
Would you rather find a hidden camera in your bathroom or in your bedroom?
Would you rather invent time travel or perpetual motion machines?
Would you rather always feel hot or always feel cold?
Would you rather have lips made of teeth or teeth made of lips?
Would you rather be attacked by a great white shark or grizzly bear?
Would you rather your parents or your boss have access to everything on your phone?
Would you rather receive a one-time payment of $500
Would you rather be able to taste color or see smell?
Would you rather not get a birthday cake on your birthday or not get any gifts on your birthday?
Would you rather be able to control fire or be able to control water?
Would you rather never own a car or never own a pet?
Would you rather be a God on an isolated island or an average person in the world?
Would you rather watch TV that's commercial-free but doesn't have a remote or have a remote but you have to watch all the commercials?
Would you rather have carpet in your bathroom or carpet in your kitchen?
Would you rather burn your tongue or burn the top of your mouth?
Would you rather work incredibly hard for yourself or have an easy job working for someone else while earning the same amount of money with each?
Would you rather be in a quiet room with someone tapping their foot or clicking a pen?
Would you rather have a car that always has fuel or a car that never needs repairs?
Would you rather live next to a graveyard or next to a haunted house?
Would you rather receive $500 each time you make someone laugh or $10
Would you rather understand what everyone is thinking or see everyone’s future?
Would you rather marry your perfect partner or achieve all of your dreams?
Would you rather spend a day switching radio stations and hearing the same song or switching TV stations and seeing the same show?
Would you rather have a roommate that doesn't replace the toilet paper when it runs out or puts empty food packages back into the refrigerator?
Would you rather win $100
Would you rather kiss a random stranger on the mouth or use a family member's toothbrush?
Would you rather be able to able to play any instrument you touch or understand any language you hear?
Would you rather receive a guaranteed $250
Would you rather never have to do laundry or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather lose all your keys or your wallet?
Would you rather listen to only your three favorite songs or listen to only 100 randomly assigned songs for a year?
Would you rather have a sign saying the individual's net worth or a sign with the number of random acts of kindness the individual has done above their head?
Would you rather live in a tree or in a cave?
Would you rather receive a $200 discount on everything or receive a 30% discount on everything?
Would you rather not have turkey on Thanksgiving or not get any candy on Halloween?
Would you rather be in a room for a year with only one movie to watch or only one book to read?
Would you rather wake up in the morning next to your ex boyfriend/girfriend or next to a poisonous snake? (no
Would you rather work for the rest of your life as a portable toilet cleaner or have all the garbage you produce going forward permanently stay at your house?
Would you rather be able to mind control people or be able to put words in people's mouths?
Would you rather lose all the toes on one foot or one of your ears?
Would you rather have no feelings or be over-emotional?
Would you rather have the ability to be invisible to people of the same sex or the opposite sex?
Would you rather eat ants on your ice-cream or worms in your soup?
Would you rather give up pizza or give up coffee forever?
Would you rather stub your toe or get a paper cut?
Would you rather only be able to go out when it's light outside or only when it's dark outside?
Would you rather find a dream partner or a dream job?
Would you rather talk like Donald Trump or look like Donald Trump?
Would you rather only be able to drink coffee or never be able to drink it again?
Would you rather eat steak with a spoon or soup with a fork?
Would you rather only be able to eat ice-cream in the winter or only be able to drink hot chocolate in the summer?
Would you rather be great at something nobody cares about or average at something everyone cares about?
Would you rather have nobody attend your funeral or nobody attend your wedding?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life without music or without movies?
Would you rather work hard to earn $1 million or inherit $1 million?
Would you rather never get angry or never get jealous?
Click
Would you rather work in a high-paying job that you hate or in a low wage job you love?
Would you rather always have to travel by hippo or by kangaroo?
Would you rather have every minute feel like an hour or every hour feel like a minute?
Would you rather use a phone that had an extremely weak signal and that was extremely slow?
Would you rather never eat breakfast foods or never eat desserts for the rest of your life?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food with every meal?
Would you rather be burned alive or buried alive?
Would you rather watch a movie in a theater by yourself or with friends but as the third wheel?
Would you rather have your purse/wallet or your phone stolen?
Would you rather sleep every night in a room with someone who snores or in a room with a fly buzzing?
Would you rather be the first of your kind or the last of your kind?
Would you rather have no eyebrows or a unibrow that you can't fix?
Would you rather let ten people die and save your friend or save ten strangers and let your friend die?
Would you rather have neighbors who were noisy or neighbors who were nosy?
Would you rather watch movies alone or eat dinner alone?
Would you rather be born with the head of a horse or the feet of a duck?
Would you rather look and feel 20 years younger from the neck down or the neck up?
Would you rather know a little about numerous topics or know a lot about a few specific topics?
Would you rather have your phone hacked or have your house robbed?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal driver?
Would you rather be a good cook or be well organized?
Would you rather have a free day off on Friday or Monday?
Would you rather know when you're going to die or how you're going to die?
Would you rather eat all your meals with someone who eats loudly or someone who eats with their mouth open?
Would you rather invent something for the first time or discover something for the first time?
